A CiviCRM REST client for Ruby, forked from cap10morgan: https://github.com/cap10morgan/civicrm-client-rest-ruby


* Rest interface doc: http://wiki.civicrm.org/confluence/display/CRMDOC40/REST+interface
* CiviCRM API forum: http://forum.civicrm.org/index.php/board,41.0.html
* CiviCRM FLOSS Manual, Working with the API:  http://en.flossmanuals.net/CiviCRM/DevelopAPI/


== Authorization
Using the CiviCRM API from a remote server requires authorization. There are two ways to do this:

* Call the API's login function passing your username and password and receive a PHP session ID. On all subsequent calls include PHPSESSID in the query.
    civicrm.login({:name => 'my_user_name', :pass => 'my_password'})
  (WARNING: at the time of writing, this form of authorization did not work due to a bug in CiviCRM)

OR

* Include your user's api_key in all API calls. No need to call the login function. You may have to define an api_key for your user in the civicrm_contacts table.

Both forms of authorization require you to also include the site key in every query.


== Config Options
[+site_key+] The site key of your CiviCRM install. How to configure/find your site key: http://wiki.civicrm.org/confluence/display/CRMDOC40/Command-line+Script+Configuration
[+civicrm_url+] The URL to the base of your CiviCRM install, e.g. https://yoursite.org/sites/all/modules/civicrm
[+api_key+] Optional, your user's api_key. Found in the civicrm_contacts table.


== Example

  require 'civicrm'

  civi_config = {:site_key => "34r089efiohsda34093409erf9uerfs",
                 :civicrm_url => "https://www.example.org/path/to/civi/codebase/civicrm",
                 :api_key => "3r0u43r09uewfi40u4098u34f34fo"}

  civicrm = CiviCRM::RESTClient.new(civi_config)

  civicrm.contact_get({:email => "contact@email.com"})

